thanks to Squarespace for sponsoring
this video at CES 2018 create an awesome
website or an online store using their
all-in-one platform today go to
squarespace.com slash LTTE and get
started
speaking of get started an all-in-one we
are with the zotac and magnus this is
their new version doesn't have a name
specifically yet but it is known for
coming with an 8th gen processor that
means six cores and up to 4.6 bigger
Hertz stock which is awesome and it has
a 1080 mini inside as well so no
compromises in terms of performance now
in terms of memory you have two ddr4
slots for up to 32 gigs of ram one m2
slot for a drive and one two and a half
inch slot for another drive if you want
that as well alongside an obtain memory
slot which you can all fill yourself
once you get the bare-bones kit now the
Magnus chassis if you've seen it before
is probably familiar they didn't
recreate the wheel here but on the front
in terms of i/o you have one large
illuminated power button an SD card slot
one USB 3.1 type a port and one USB 3.1
type C port along with headphone and
microphone jacks on the back you have
four USB 3.0 ports two ethernet jacks
which is really cool one power in for
the external power brick and a
Kensington lock along with your GPU
outputs which is three display ports one
HDMI and one DVI pretty cool to see a
high performance 6 core 8th gen Intel
processor running at 4.6 freaking
gigahertz and a 1080 in a little box
that's similar to the size of some
people's external GPU boxes that is
pretty sweet but moving on from there if
you're not that into gaming or need a
small form-factor PC for workstation use
they now have you covered this is that I
believe the world's first mini PC with
Quadros built in so we have the p1000
p3000 and p 5000 their closures here are
not final features so some of these
aren't exactly how they're gonna look in
the end but they scale up each one the
p1000 has an i5 7300 you the p3000 has
an i5 7500 T and the P 5000 has an i5
7500 T and then there Quadros go up from
there as well
but that part is produced
forward because the namesake for the
workstation mini goes along with its
Quadro model so if the first one the
p1000 has a Quadro p1000 with four
gigabytes of gddr5 the next one the
p3000 has a Quadro p3000 with six
gigabytes of gddr5 and VP 5000 has a
Quadro P 5000 with 16 gigabytes of gddr5
on chip that's crazy in terms of storage
you have one m2 Drive slot one two and a
half inch drive slot and two slots for
it up to 32 gigabytes of RAM make it a
Squarespace for sponsoring this video at
CES 2018 get a beautiful website all
with awesome templates or an online
store you have 24/7 live chat and email
support if you have any trouble
whatsoever I find this really great for
setting up websites for other people so
that they can just have it all handled
and taken care of it looks great on
whatever device you view it on even some
of the crazy devices that we've seen
here at ZOTAC today it's all nicely
handled for you if you want to check it
out go to squarespace.com slash LTT and
get 10% off your first purchase
thanks for some visits were almost said
thanks for subscribing if you did thank
you for doing that thanks for watching
the video that's what actually meant if
you liked it like it
you disliked it dislike it you want to
see all the rest of our CES content do
that thing that I already thanked you
for which was subscribing and I'll see
you next time